=pod

=head1 NAME

Metabase::Client::Simple - a client that submits to Metabase servers

=head1 VERSION

version 0.009

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Metabase::Client::Simple;
  use Metabase::User::Profile;
  use Metabase::User::Secret;

  my $profile = Metabase::User::Profile->load('user.profile.json');
  my $secret  = Metabase::User::Secret ->load('user.secret.json' );

  my $client = Metabase::Client::Simple->new({
    profile => $profile,
    secret  => $secret,
    uri     => 'http://metabase.example.com/',
  });

  my $fact = generate_metabase_fact;

  $client->submit_fact($fact);

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Metabase::Client::Simple provides is extremely simple, lightweight library for
submitting facts to a L<Metabase|Metabase> web server.

=head1 METHODS

=head2 new

  my $client = Metabase::Client::Simple->new(\%arg)

This is the object constructor.

Valid arguments are:

  profile - a Metabase::User::Profile object
  secret  - a Metabase::User::Secret object
  uri     - the root URI for the metabase server

If you use a C<uri> argument with the 'https' scheme, you must have
L<LWP::Protocol::https> installed.

=head2 submit_fact

  $client->submit_fact($fact);

This method will submit a L<Metabase::Fact|Metabase::Fact> object to the
client's server.  On success, it will return a true value.  On failure, it will
raise an exception.

=head2 guid_exists

  $client->guid_exists('2f8519c6-24cf-11df-90b1-0018f34ec37c');

This method will check whether the given GUID is found on the metabase server.
The GUID must be in lower-case, string form.  It will return true or false.
Note that a server error will also result in a false value.

=head2 register

  $client->register;

This method will submit the user credentials to the metabase server.  It will
be called automatically by C<submit_fact> if necessary.   You generally won't
need to use it.  On success, it will return a true value.  On failure, it will
raise an exception.

=for Pod::Coverage profile secret uri

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<http://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Metabase-Client-Simple>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/dagolden/metabase-client-simple>

  git clone https://github.com/dagolden/metabase-client-simple.git

=head1 AUTHORS

=over 4

=item *

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=item *

Ricardo Signes <rjbs@cpan.org>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2012 by David Golden.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The Apache License, Version 2.0, January 2004

